:tada: Update Accordion-header size (#4209)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/tidy-zoos-work.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": patch
---

> Accordion: Medium typo-size changed from 20px to 18px. This change is for Darkside only.

Author: ```suggestion
Accordion: Heading size with `size="medium"` changed from 20px to 18px. This change is for Darkside only.
```
